Weekly reports

##1 
Week one was a live experience to say the least I have honestly had fun meeting everyone again and am looking forward to some modules, from what it sounds the AI module is going to be difficult but achievable. I’m going to spend the weekend thinking about what I am going to do for this project. The production module looks as if it’s going to require a lot of preparation and development knowledge (UDK skills). Yeah i think I’m going to carry out my improvements from last semester for this one.
##2 
Week two has been odd I only attended Ed’s AI lecture and he’s made me really excited about this module, it’s become apparent that the class can’t talk about AI without it becoming “deep” or philosophical & honestly, I don’t mind that because all of us are talking and are engaged in the conversation. I believe we’re going to be discussing Deepmind by Google in the future and I’m beyond excited for that.
##3 
Week three I’ve been paying attention to the database and I can honestly say even though I’ve been listening and paying attention I still have no idea what my purpose in this is. We’re supposed to be making some sort of filtered chat system of which i have no idea how to do but I’ll figure it out somehow. Initially I thought we’d each do some level design and make it all work together easily, I was supposed to make a farm with a tractor but that’s not happening anymore since this is “educational” that makes me sad. I’m going to have to spend the rest of the week figuring out what I actually have to do and how to do it.
##4 
Week four was interesting I’ve figured out what I’m doing for the AI module and I believe that Ed and Michael are going to love it. The idea is that for my past VR module/project I will create a really annoying robot that’s supposed to be helping you instead he’s purpose is to just to annoy the player the point where they don’t want to play the game.
##5 
Week five I’ve just been procrastinating, I’m in a mental block of just doing nothing, I think it’s because I don’t know how to achieve this annoying robot and it’s just blocked me from doing anything. I think in order to get out of this block by the end of the week (Sunday) I’m going to research existing annoying characters in games like claptrap from the borderlands series.
##6 
We’re half way into the semester and I feel like I should know what I’m supposed to be doing with the distributed systems project but no I’m completely lost. We have to create a collaborative class project but I cannot seem to understand no matter what I do, Michael mentioned that peer review work helps but everyone seems too busy to help. Update, I figured out what to do for distributed systems I will simply create a server of which player playing our game can communicate over; it’s easier said than done because I understand nothing about servers but I suppose that’s what the research journal is for; speaking of research journals I’ve discovered many things about networking especially threats that exist within & travel between networks, everything from Denial of Service attacks to Peer to Peer file transfer threats. 
##7 
Week seven, I’ve been focusing on cats this week & as ridiculous as that sounds 7 weeks in the cats in the game do not follow the player, I think the problem is that the VR is a pawn object and its finding difficulty chasing. UPDATE: That’s not the problem because I tested it on unreals base templates with their character & it failed. I think it’s because the cats are being spawned in rather than placed in map, basically the AI the cats are using doesn’t know what to do after it has been spawned in the game. I’m going to spend next week also getting the cats to follow after spawn.
##8
Week 8, very productive week actually I FINALLY GOT GITHUB WORKING for 240. CATS! CATS! CATS! I have to figure out how to get the number of cats that are spawned in game to apply AI. My method of spawning the cats in has an array managing cat amount, I studied this and created a new array getting all actors of class then rerouted it straight to cat AI but I mentioned in the comment code this was not a recommended method because its directly in the level blueprint adding more stress to the tick event & other functions. For future improvements, I must figure out how to improve on this method by adding it to the character blueprint itself.
##9 
Ive been working in Unity to make the multiplayer games, my problem is that unity handles all the networking for me, thus my networking mark for the assignment might suffer completely. I think I’m just going to improve on the chat client that I made previously, hopefully turning that into a multiplayer thing like the original plan of action I had. I’m going to add a networking using Java’s built in .net package.
##10
We added perks to the game this week, an enlarge of which enlarges your paddle for 5 seconds we did this through timers and set actor size nodes. The same method was applied to the speed perk which speeds up the player for as set time, the only other perk had a combination of the CATAI method and the previous perks method this is a perk of which the cats stop falling the player and chase the rat once thrown.
##11 
This week I grinded on the multiplayer game I created A GUI for the chat client and set up a server, for demonstration purposes I’ve only set up as LAN so far, I’ve completely scrapped the unity project and just focused on this. 
##12  
Submission week, stressful week but hey we got everything done in the end, I’m not particularly proud of the networking project but something is better than nothing, the problem was I just could not wrap my head around networking not matter what I did, another reason would be that I focused too much on the 240-game project I need to schedule my working routine. I will discuss this further in the reflective report.
